Update install docs (#3350)
yt-project/yt: doc/source/install_script.rst

file ``yt_install.log`` will contain all of the ``stdout`` and ``stderr`` from
the entire installation process, so it is usually quite cumbersome.  By looking
at the last few hundred lines (i.e. ``tail -500 yt_install.log``), you can
potentially figure out what went wrong.  If you have problems, though, do not
hesitate to :ref:`contact us <asking-for-help>` for assistance.

.. _activating-yt:

Activating Your Installation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Once the installation has completed, there will be instructions on how to set up
your shell environment to use yt.

In particular, you will need to ensure that the installation's ``yt-conda/bin``
directory is prepended to your ``PATH`` environment variable.

For Bash-style shells, you can use the following command in a terminal session
to temporarily activate the yt installation:

.. code-block:: bash

  $ export PATH=/path/to/yt-conda/bin:$PATH

and on csh-style shells:

.. code-block:: csh

  $ setenv PATH /path/to/yt-conda/bin:$PATH

If you would like to permanently activate yt, you can also update the init file
appropriate for your shell and OS (e.g. .bashrc, .bash_profile, .cshrc, .zshrc)

> to include the same command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to include the same command.

Installations of ``conda`` through miniconda or the anaconda distribution often offer to make these changes to your path on your behalf.
```

.. _updating-yt:

Updating yt and Its Dependencies
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> With many active developers, code development sometimes occurs at a furious
> pace in yt.  To make sure you're using the latest version of the code, run
> this command at a command-line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With many active developers, code development sometimes occurs at a rapid
pace in yt.  To automatically update to the latest version of the code, run
this command at a command-line:
```
